---
layout: page
title: First Post
subtitle: Yea
---


To be honest, I'm having some trouble remembering right now, so why don't you just watch [my movie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Princess_Bride_%28film%29) and it will answer **all** your questions.
Just Jump It all began when my friend, Arav, who was pursuing his higher studies from Australia asked me to join him on my summer vacation. It sounded nuisance in the start, how would a 20-year-old journey across half the globe just for a little vacation? But then, I admit, I was a little fed up of my monotonous life and this was exactly something I needed. After stalking Australia for weeks altogether, I booked my flights, waited on my visa and found myself in one of the finest airports of the world-Delhi international airport. Starting with chilling Melbourne and it’s colourful people to Sydney and its simple yet crowded lounges. For the next spot, we took the road to Gold Coast following the beach line where the sun glistered on the entire beach. This is the time when we had a major fight because Arav had a surprise planned for me and I dreaded every bit of it. SKY DIVING. After losing to him and finally giving in, I met my tandem, a 60-year-old talkative man who made it all pretty easy and smooth with his humour. All of us got into a van arrived at the airport, took seats in our plane and flew off in the sky. I saw Arav behind me, absolutely mute and biting his nails where about I was all chatty with my coach not believing any of it was even real. I pretended it was all a movie. We reached a certain height and the door of plane opened, we weren’t deep into the clouds but high enough for the world to look tiny. That’s when the first pair jumped down and the movie became too real. One after the other every pair had jumped down and we were the last. I don’t think I ever moved but as we were fastened together I got to the door and he asked me to take my position. One could see the earth curving from the door and before I could tell my coach that I couldn’t jump; I was flying. I was screaming my lungs out and not being able to hear any of it. I had all practical answers to my questions regarding gravity. Soon the parachute opened and so did my senses. I saw an airplane taking off BELOW me and it was incredible. I could see the entire town and the whole stretch of the beach. I even saw a little pool in somebody’s house. Midst air I asked my coach how he got into this profession and learnt he just couldn’t quit after his first jump. Soon we hit the soft sand of the beach and it was over. I don’t know how long I was in the air but the adrenal made it seem nothing more than a few minutes. I thanked my coach and I couldn’t thank Arav enough.
